README.md, before:

# Textr Plugin for Lightroom #

Runs OCR using the Google Cloud Vision API and suggests tags for the
photos.

## About

This is an experiment right now.  You supply your API key for Google
Cloud Services and you can select a photo and query Google's API for
what text might be in the photo.  Currently it displays a dialog box
with the text.  Eventually, I'd like it to tag or add EXIF data with
the text (to make it searchable).

This came about as I was listening to
the [PetaPixel Podcast #57][PPP57] and someone had a question about an
automated way to tag race bib numbers in Lightroom.  Lensshark said it
wasn't something he heard of.  I thought it shouldn't be that hard to
whip up in today's age...and here we are.

[PPP57]: https://petapixel.com/2016/03/20/ep-57-strobist-david-hobby-sticks-consumers/

## How to get an API key for Google Cloud Services

It's not easy...as of the time I wrote this plugin, this is basically
what you want to do.

## Things to do

Make this work on more than one image at a time.

Batch process the upload mechanism. 

Finish instructions.

Finnish instructions. 

## Please Donate A Little

Google gives you some queries for free, then you have to pay them for
more.  If you like this piece of shareware (and this helps your
business out)...you can send me a one time donation for writing this.
I'm not going to limit or cripple the plugin.  Just if you like it,
send a donation. :-) Sorry to say, Google will (for now) continue to
charge you beyond their free query limit.

Commit message:

Batch processing. Populating Custom Metadata. Searchable. Nice.

README.md, after:

# Textr Plugin for Lightroom #

Recognize text in photos using the Google Cloud Vision API and
suggests tags for the photos.

## About

This is an experiment right now.  You supply your API key for Google
Cloud Services and you can select a photo and query Google's API for
what text might be in the photo.  Currently it displays a dialog box
with the text.  Eventually, I'd like it to tag or add EXIF data with
the text (to make it searchable).

This came about as I was listening to
the [PetaPixel Podcast #57][PPP57] and someone had a question about an
automated way to tag race bib numbers in Lightroom.  Lensshark said it
wasn't something he heard of.  I thought it shouldn't be that hard to
whip up in today's age...and here we are.

[PPP57]: https://petapixel.com/2016/03/20/ep-57-strobist-david-hobby-sticks-consumers/

There are a few settings for the plugin which you'll have to
tune. I'll get to those later

## How to use this plugin

### Install Plugin

### How to get an API key for Google Cloud Services

It's not easy...as of the time I wrote this plugin, this is basically
what you want to do.

### Settings

### Running the plugin

The Textr stores a single custom metadata string that is searchable
but won't clutter your existing metadata or keywords.  Text
recognition can be kinda noisy, so I didn't want to mess up any nice
categorization people may have.  Remember you can **undo** this task
when it completes too.

## Does this help your photo buisness? ##

Please donate a little to [100Cameras][100Cameras]. This plugin is
free and under a nice MIT License. Google gives you some queries for
free, then you have to pay them for more.  If you like this piece of
shareware (and this helps your business out)...send a donation to this
nice non-profit (pay it forward yo).  I'm not going to limit or
cripple the plugin.  Just if you like it, send a donation. :-) Sorry
to say, Google will (for now) continue to charge you beyond their free
query limit.

[100Cameras]: http://100cameras.org "100 Cameras"
